Dear Friend , We know you are interested in receiving 
red-hot information . We will comply with all removal 
requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1622 , Title 9 ; Section 305 . THIS IS 
NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 24 weeks ! Have 
you ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it plus nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep plus SELL MORE 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Mrs Simpson who resides in Washington 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . This offer is 100% legal ! So make 
yourself rich now by ordering immediately ! Sign up 
a friend and you get half off . Thanks ! Dear Salaryman 
, Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our newsletter ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1625 ; Title 4 , Section 303 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 80 DAYS . Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger & nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU use 
credit cards on your website and process your orders 
within seconds . The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Mrs Simpson who resides in New Hampshire 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! This offer is 100% legal ! We implore you - act 
now . Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Thanks 
! Dear Friend , Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
announcement ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 2 , Section 
305 ! This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 38 weeks 
. Have you ever noticed how many people you know are 
on the Internet and nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep plus increase customer response 
by 160% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us ! Prof Simpson who resides in 
Idaho tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked 
for me" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
! We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% . Thanks . 